Okay.
So let's start building out our new component and I'm going to call it job filter, sidebar skills.
The goal or responsibility of this component will be to render an input where the user can enter a skill
or a qualification to search for.
So it is related to the idea of job filtering on our job filter sidebar.
So I am going to store it in source components, job results, job filter, sidebar.
And then here I'll create another component.
Again with the common prefix name of job filters.
Sidebar.
So right here, I'll create my new file.
Job filters.
Sidebar.
And then I'm going to call this skills dot view.
All right, so we know the drill by now.
We have to have a template.
And we also need to have a script section.
And of course, right here we can provide a lang attributes that it's all right.
And before we forget, let's also import define component.
And that is going to come from view.
And right here I will export default the invocation of define component passing an object and for now
the only property I care about is the name and I will call this job filters sidebar skills.
All right.
And then I do actually want to write some time on here.
It's actually been quite a while since we've dived into tailwind.
So I'm just going to quickly run through what we need to write here.
So we'll begin with a div.
And our they will have a class of 95 that applies some margin to the top of this dev.
Then I'll provide my input.
This is where the user will actually enter their text for the scale they're searching for and we'll
apply a bunch of classes here will apply p three for padding.
We're going to do H 12 for height that has 48 pixels of height.
I want to make sure this input has a border.
So I'll do the border class.
I'll apply border dash solid to make the border solid.
And then as far as the border color, I will do border brand gray one.
And as a reminder, we set up that color within our tailwind configuration file.
Then I also want to provide a little bit of box shadow, which I can do with Shadow Gray, a little
bit of box shadow below the box.
I want to make sure the box or the input box is rounded so I will apply the tailwind rounded class.
I want to give it w full or with full to make sure it occupies 100% of the width of its parent the div.
And then for my text size, I'm going to text base that's going to apply a font size of one ram or 16
pixels.
All right.
Let me save that.
And then I also want to add a placeholder attribute here just so I have some sample text appear in there
to indicate to the user what they should type in here.
So what they have on the actual Google site is some sample skills.
So I'm going to start here with computer programming and then comma finance degree and that will hopefully
incentivize or communicate to the user what they should be entering into this actual input.
All right.
So here is the base layout for our new job builder cyber skills component.
Now we want to actually render it in jobs filters, sidebar.
So I'm going to open up my job filter, cyber component.
This is where everything kicks off right here.
So I'm going to begin by importing my new component right here.
We're going to important job filter sidebar.
And our new one is called Skills, and that's going to come from the source directory components, job
results, job filter, sidebar, and then job filters sidebar.
Skills.
That view.
There we go.
And we have to import it.
We also have to register it right here.
And our components object.
So right here, jobs with the sidebar skills.
All right.
And then we have to actually utilize it in our template.
And where it's going to go is going to be below our prompt, but above our degrees.
And this is just a matter of preference, but this is also how it appears on the Google site.
So this is going to be right here.
And in addition to that, we are going to wrap it in its own accordion.
The content is going to be collapsible.
So I will begin by rendering my accordion component.
And for the header prop for this accordion, I'm going to give it a header of skills and qualifications.
And then inside my accordion, this is going to be the content it reveals when we expand it.
What I want to show is my new job filters, sidebar skills component, which can be self-closing.
All right, so I'm going to save that and let's navigate to the browser to see the result.
There we go.
And there we have it.
So here are skills and qualifications.
And if I expand it, you can see here is our input and we are welcome to write whatever text we want.
All right.
So this is a good start.
Again, kind of similar to these components in the sense that it is an accordion that hides some bit
of filter functionality.
But it is also different because we're going to be utilizing text here instead of checkboxes.
All right.
So we'll continue tackling this user story in the very next lesson.